>> SEAN STONE:
Energy manipulation.
We can all do it.
But do we dare?
Let's enter the Buzzsaw.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> SEAN: Welcome to Buzzsaw,
where we cut through
the mainstream narrative to
explore the twilight zones
of reality.
I'm your host, Sean
Stone, and with me today
is Sarah Adams,
multidimensional coach, speaker,
and intuitive healer.
We'll be discussing energy
manipulation and much more.
Sarah, I want to
start by asking you,
how did you discover
your path, in particular,
to a multidimensional
understanding of your soul
and also your
abilities as a coach?
>> SARAH ADAMS: So
I am very blessed,
because I came in from past
lives with understanding about
my soul and being very
protective of that soul energy.
And I knew, coming
to this world,
that I chose to come here.
And I knew that I would have to
protect my energy here and also
explain to people that they
have this energy field.
And this energy
field, it's magical.
It's beautiful.
It's divine.
It's a piece of
God Source itself.
And it's within them.
And they needed to get in touch
with that and tap into it.
And even just like
emptying out a glass,
we can get depleted of energy.
And there are ways of
re-instilling that energy
within us.
So I knew very much coming to
this world my mission on it.
So that's kind of
what started me.
I think that a lot of
work done energetically
affects the whole world, because
it affects the consciousness.
So I do a lot of
work in that area,
just for hours and
sometimes days.
It's what I spend
most of my time doing.
>> SEAN: You mentioned this idea
of protecting the energy from
being depleted.
Right?
>> ADAMS: Yes.
>> SEAN: What are some basic
things that people should be
aware of in terms of
protecting their soul energy?
>> ADAMS: So there
are two things.
We can create sort of a sphere
around us to protect ourselves.
And we can do this
through thought.
Again, to imagine
something, you're
literally-- when you
imagine something, an image,
you're condensing
energy into that image
and giving it life in
the energetic realms.
So you can protect
yourself like that,
so by reinforcing a sort
of cocoon, a golden cocoon,
around yourself.
But you don't want to
always keep that on.
And the more that you
collect energy, whether sun
gazing or instilling chi
energy into yourself,
you can go ahead and become an
energy gate, a giver of light
or a giver of energy,
light, energy, frequency,
sound, all the same.
So you can open that up.
And if there are people
who are sick around you
or people who are depleted
in energy in any manner, even
people who are depressed,
people who are suicidal,
all those people, they are
just depleted in energy.
And if they were
given the energy,
they would not be suicidal.
They would not be sick.
They would not be depressed.
So if you can open that up
and give them that energy--
of course, that
takes some exercises.
And what I do is I often use
the different rainbow colors.
And I go through doing the
different colors around myself.
When we started this interview,
I had a bit of anxiety.
So I did blue and
green, because I
want to open my heart
during this interview
to explain to people
how they can get
in touch with their soul
energy, and how they can
use that to heal their lives.
And we have all these spiritual
beliefs in life, and books,
and whatever, religions,
all of these things.
And they're keeping people from
accessing the truth within.
And that's their energy.
And whenever they open this
up, it relieves everything.
I go in states where I
just, most of the time, I'm
in bliss and happiness.
And all of the
worries of life, which
are low energy, or
entities, or all that,
they don't reach you when
you're in that state.
>> SEAN: Because you
raise your vibrations.
>> ADAMS: Yes.
You're flying, thus, in
the angel wings, where
it didn't mean that being--
everybody is an angel in a way.
They all have wings
that they can fly above.
And that's through energy.
You can fly above once
you access the energy
within yourself.
>> SEAN: So it
seems to me that--
>> ADAMS: --the chaos.
>> SEAN: --the emotions and
the energy are very intertwined
in a certain sense.
Our emotional bodies
and our energy bodies
are very interconnected.
And those are the
gateways, or the pathways,
into the other
dimensions of reality.
>> ADAMS: Yes.
>> SEAN: So what do those
dimensions of reality--
what do they look
like, for example?
Can we interact with
them on a daily basis?
>> ADAMS: Yes, we can.
I know that just recently
an article came out
that said there was 11
dimensions that they discovered
that we're interacting with.
People who don't have orange, or
yellow, or green in their aura,
they won't have
bliss, or happiness,
or even their heart won't be
open, because the green is so--
imagine that in the future
we're going to have--
we have hospitals.
We're going to have
places where people
are healed through
energy, because they're
going to realize that
the lack of colors are--
that colors and
emotions go together.
Green, your heart energy.
Orange, bliss, happiness.
So they all go together.
And to access higher realms,
you have to have all of that.
You have to have
the rainbow body
so that you can
access higher realms,
because you need to have all the
beautiful emotions, like bliss,
happiness.
And what that does is that
makes you go high in energy.
And you can access other realms.
So in the future, I
do see that humanity
will discover its soul energy.
And they will
understand how it works.
And they will understand that
emotions, emotion, motion
of energy, it has motion in
there, the motion of energy,
that these are the key.
Higher emotions are
the key to accessing
higher states of being.
Recently, I was with a shaman.
There was a lady next to me.
And she was just saying,
I love everybody.
And I forgive people.
And I just feel intense
love for everybody.
And he said to her
after, he said to her
after the whole
experience, he said,
that is the state that the very
people throughout history, who
were spiritual, or
who were very, very
advanced in spirituality
on any level, that
was the state of
being one with God.
And that's what they were always
trying to be, at that state.
She didn't have any sort of
negative emotions at all.
She just was in a
higher state of being.
And you can achieve that.
>> SEAN: So I mean, certainly
sound and light, we know music,
obviously, is very influential
on our emotions and directly
connects us to emotional states.
We know sound and light can
be very helpful for healing
or for bringing us down.
But what does it have to do
with the actual dimensionality
of this existence beyond this
realm that we're inhabiting?
>> ADAMS: So we're in
a color, sound prison.
And it's evident walking around.
You see nature.
When you go into
nature, it's vibrant.
There's so many hues of colors.
It's vibrant.
And it's very well
known that nature
is part of God Source itself.
It's God Source.
So think about it.
We build cities, where
everything is bleak.
And we live in very
bleak apartment places,
in these squares that are
just built out of these very--
I don't believe in such a thing
as light as evil or darkness.
I just believe in a lack
of light, a lack of color.
Color, light, vibration,
sound, frequency, all of those,
from my experiences,
those are all one.
And I know that there's just
this deficit in mass cities.
And then we wonder why in these
cities people become depressed
and everything else.
It's because of the lack
of the whole rainbow light
spectrum within
their aura systems,
within their chakra systems.
It's depleted.
>> SEAN: But how would that be
affected by another dimension
of reality?
Or how would that look in
basically an altered state
in another dimension?
>> ADAMS: OK.
And when you are depleted
in energy, what you do
is you just go down.
And basically, when you go down,
there's lower parasitic things
down there.
And those are going
to attach to you.
And I don't think
it's negative at all.
I think that it's just
saying, hey, you know what?
They're trying to wake you up.
It's almost when you cut
yourself and that hurts.
These parasitic
beings are saying,
there is a problem here.
You need to fix this.
You are not taking care
of your soul energy.
You're not taking care
of your soul body.
And this all correlates
to multidimensionality,
because then we go
back into the Bible.
And Joseph had a
coat of many colors.
And he walked and
talked with God.
He was multidimensional.
And then there's so much work
about the Rainbow Serpent,
the Rainbow Tribe.
There's a lot of work
on that that was done.
Now what I can tell you is for
the highest dimensions, what
you have to do is you have
to achieve every color.
And then gold comes around.
And you can travel to
the highest dimensions.
Now think about it.
To go to higher
dimensions, if you
had parasitic things that
were attached to you,
they wouldn't want you there.
They wouldn't want you
to bring that there.
That's like a sickness,
energetic sickness,
that you need to look
at, take care of,
and face, and heal from.
So when it comes
to colors, and when
it comes to sound frequency,
light, and multidimensions,
you can't access
higher dimensions
if you don't have those
colors within your field.
And each color, as a dimension,
has different dimension
spectrums within it.
So the universe and
creation, universes, it's
just mass the creation that
is there when I access energy,
when I use the energy system
to access multidimensionality
or dimensions.
>> SEAN: In terms of
the ancient world,
you mentioned Joseph and
the multicolored coat.
And basically you're saying
this is symbolic of--
>> ADAMS: His aura.
>> SEAN: --him having the
rainbow colors of the energy
body.
But was there, indicated by
the pyramids and ancient sites,
indications of an
ancient technology system
that actually utilized
light and sound,
in terms of how even
the energy was generated
and how humans maybe were more
tapped into their energy soul
bodies than we are currently?
>> ADAMS: So the pyramid,
the pyramid points energy.
So it's almost like
a funnel of energy.
And what I remember is that
priests and priestesses,
they would go and sit
in there and meditate.
And that would funnel energy
right directly into them.
I also know that
many monuments were
used to transport or teleport.
So you could either go
out of your body and use
that to transport yourself
to other universes,
other dimensions.
This helped with that.
Or you could even teleport.
There were very
advanced civilizations.
They lived, basically,
off of light.
It's like Lemuria.
I was in this meditation.
And I saw the word Lemuria go
to luminous and illuminated.
So I saw the word
Lemuria turn into that.
And Atlantis, a light.
It was enlightened.
Atlantis literally changed into
a light and then enlightened.
So these civilizations
knew exactly how
light technology worked.
And they used it in correlation
to their soul energy.
And this is why they would
live for a very long time,
because they could put
energy back into themselves.
They knew when they
were depleted in energy.
So they would stay
in a high state
of being for thousands
and thousands of years,
because they knew exactly
how their souls work.
And it's interesting,
because in the word soul,
you do have S-O-L. And in
French, sole, the light.
And so then we go
to the Egyptians,
who were sun worshippers
or light worshippers.
>> SEAN: So what is the, or I
should say, if you have one,
the most powerful sacred
site that you've visited?
>> ADAMS: I have this belief.
And all of these sacred
sites are very important.
But I have this belief
when it comes to that,
that our souls are
more important.
And that's the main thing
that really needs just
to be accessed.
I think it's amazing to
travel to those places.
And they retain that
energy from civilizations
that were very illuminated.
But in the end, what I'm
trying to teach humanity
is that you don't have to go
in a church, like religion,
or you don't have
to go here or there.
You can sit there and experience
God, or the divine within, just
right there.
It doesn't matter where you are.
It doesn't matter if you're
sleeping on the street.
It doesn't matter
if you have nothing.
This Divine Source does
not see things like--
>> SEAN: It doesn't judge
based on physical appearance,
or physical wealth, and
these types of things.
>> ADAMS: It's there waiting for
people, even all these people.
It's there waiting for
them to tap into it.
>> SEAN: But do you think maybe
that's why the ancient sites
were powered down?
In a sense, it was like a
test to basically say, OK.
We're going to shift things now.
We're going to shut down
these power centers.
And we're now going to
basically, in a sense,
blindfold you and let
you go to the next level
of understanding, which is, as
you say, going back to the soul
within each of us to be
able to actually take
the sovereignty
within ourselves.
Because we can look at those
ancient civilizations and say
they may have been
very knowledgeable.
But they still had a hierarchy.
They still had people that
were probably starving,
that were living in poverty
compared to the rulers.
No?
>> ADAMS: I don't remember that.
I remember that
everybody was so evolved
that there was no place
to use or abuse others.
>> SEAN: So why were the
ancient sites shut down?
>> ADAMS: So the Earth
is functioning as a ship.
And it's functioning in a much
lower vibration right now.
And too many of
these ancient sites,
too, also funneled
energy directly
into the core of the Earth to,
as a ship, bring it up or down.
There were groups that knew
exactly how this functioned.
And they would keep that
functioning at a high level.
What I do feel is that, yes,
all of this is done right now.
And it's all in a divine plan.
And I spend a lot of time
interacting with this force.
And I can say it's
all in a divine plan,
because the more that people
shut down, I've noticed,
they're shut down by whatever.
Around the world,
I know that they're
looking for alternative things.
And they're waking up.
The pressure is literally
pressuring them to wake up.
And in the end, humanity,
they will find their souls.
And they will overcome.
And it will be such
an amazing thing.
And they're going to
have to-- before you
can experience sunshine, you
have to experience the storm.
The sun only comes
out after the storm.
>> SEAN: After the dark.
So in terms of these ancient
sites, monuments, and whatnot,
are they like light vehicles?
You called them light vehicles.
In the different
dimension of reality,
you can still see the
light that they emit?
>> ADAMS: They actually are
connected to other dimensions.
And some of them go
directly to cities
and other dimensions of light.
So they're still
connected to those places.
I've been to one pyramid that
the bottom of the pyramid, it's
as a diamond's almost shaped.
I guess you would
say diamond-shaped.
And I went into the pyramid.
And then the light
around it, it's
just sort of a spinning
or a cyclone movement.
And then it pulled me
into this other realm.
And that was sort of locked
to get into that other realm.
But I had to have enough
light within myself to pass.
So there are gateways that
you can't pass unless you
have those energy codes.
And everybody in the world can
access any of this technology.
They just need to gather the
energy within themselves.
There is no hierarchy in this.
A lot of this was left, too,
by very ancient, high beings.
They knew a lot of
stuff would come.
So it was a gift to
humanity, but only
once humanity finds their souls.
>> SEAN: And now what
is the biggest risk
you've experienced?
You talk about going to other
cities and other dimensions.
Is there a risk to these kind
of dimensional astral travels?
I mean, Many people maybe
never come back from them.
>> ADAMS: People are
very, very powerful.
And I think that they give
their power away a lot.
This is a problem
with the world.
And everybody is
absolutely powerful.
And they have this energy
field that, literally,
no matter what dark
thing that there
is, it'll come from the heart.
And it'll just wipe it out.
And I had a beautiful
experience not long ago.
I was in somebody's
subconscious.
And I saw all these
negative, parasitic beings,
which this person created,
because, what I explained
about the image, they had
issues that they weren't
healing within themselves.
Whether it was insecurities,
or whether it was self-harm,
they were not
healing these issues.
So they were creating these
negative images, very powerful
within their subconscious.
That was then attacking them.
It was only attacking them to
say there's a problem here.
You need to take care of this.
Yes.
So I was in their subconscious.
And the things they would--
like I said, worse
than a horror movie
some of the stuff that I see.
And I'm not scared though.
So I was in their subconscious.
And I just remember, I always
keep my heart very, very open.
And this wave came out.
And it would hit these different
parasitic, quote, "beings."
And I remember, they would
turn into these little flowers
and smile.
And they would
just start turning
into beautiful little
things and just smile.
And my heart was literally--
the field of my heart was
changing, transforming
that into something beautiful.
So we have power over
all of this stuff.
And I can tell you, I've
been through a lot in life.
And in the end, that's what
got me through all of it
is my heart.
And all the work that
I've done to open my heart
has been extremely worth
it, because at one point,
I did get into some trouble.
And I've always kept
that since a child.
I know that there is
magic in children.
You see them.
They just love everything.
Everything's beautiful to them.
And they can just
cheer people up.
And they just bring that energy.
It's their hearts.
Their hearts are so open.
And we can heal by
opening our hearts.
And we can heal others.
We can even go into
their energy fields
and help them face those demons.
And when everybody joins
together in the world
and starts doing this,
all of that dark veil,
or curtain, that's
over humanity,
it's just going to slip away.
>> SEAN: And one of the things
that I'm most fascinated by is
your analysis of films,
and movies, and television,
and how you decode messages
within entertainment.
Obviously, it appeals to
the hearts of the masses.
You've told me.
And obviously, you've
talked about this,
but how you see your character
within certain stories.
And I think a lot
of people actually
do see themselves within films.
And essentially, there's
an intentionality
behind the mythologies that
are being created constantly.
Who is behind this messaging?
>> ADAMS: It's
literally yourself.
>> SEAN: Oh, in collective
unconsciousness?
>> ADAMS: The world
is as a crystal ball.
Everything reflects back.
Light always reflects back.
So whether it's
a writer, they're
going to stream in that
energy, because all information
is an energy.
And well, information
flows freely.
So even if the person's
across the world,
they might be writing
a story about them,
because they're tuned into
energy, how energy works.
And they might not
even know themselves.
So everything reflects back.
Looking at your reflection
is very, very important.
So just as these parasitic
beings reflect different parts
of you, you're going to
see reflections everywhere
you go of yourself and
of those close to you.
It's coming from you.
So then you might see
a movie where it shows
that you're a very good person.
That's a reflection of, maybe,
you being a good person.
You might see a show where it
shows that, oh, your characters
may be a bit darker.
And that's saying, hey,
look, there are some things
you need to fix right now.
Just like the parasitic
beings in your subconscious,
that happens on a 3D level too.
We want to say there are
all these forces that
have power over humanity.
But humanity, in the end,
they are very powerful.
And we have power over
all of those things.
And they have that.
And they create and cast
their own realities.
And they are creators.
They are literal creators and
very, very powerful creators.
So everybody's creating this
web around the world, yes.
>> SEAN: And it's also being
reflected because of our DNA.
I mean, I know you've said
DNA is a fractal antenna
in the electromagnetic fields.
And I don't think you're
alone in saying that.
It derives from other
theories about the nature
of DNA and the idea
that it's basically
not only emitter of light.
And if light is
information, basically, it
stores light and also emits it.
But how do you see that concept
of an antenna operating?
>> ADAMS: So what I'll
do is I'll see the DNA.
I'll feel it, see it.
And then what I'll do is I'll
just pull energy right into it.
It's very good just to
lay down and do that.
So you imagine the DNA.
And you pull the
energy right into it.
And you'll notice
it'll turn gold.
And the more that energy
comes into your DNA,
the more that it turns golden.
So you might see your
eye color change.
You might see your
facial features change.
There are different
things that you'll
see from pulling
energy into you,
because energy heals
different parts of you
and transforms them to your
original state of being.
And most people in
the world, they're not
living with the amount
of energy they should.
And so when that enters them,
you'll see different changes.
I think there are some
web series I've seen.
And a person did
some work on this.
So DNA, the spiral
staircase is symbolic.
Where you can go up
and down the staircase
is symbolic of the DNA.
Now we have the golden, spiral
staircase, which is symbolic.
And then you have the--
what is it? --the
Fibonacci in nature.
>> SEAN: The curves of light.
>> ADAMS: Right.
So then we realize that
every single plant,
every single animal,
every single living
being on this Earth has DNA
in it that's pulling energy.
And that's the only
way it can be alive.
That's the only way a tree can
be alive is because of this.
It has its own DNA that
is an antenna that's
pulling all of the mass
energy within the universe.
It's pulling this into
it and charging itself.
And that's how it can stay
vibrant, and beautiful,
and be alive.
There's a lot of
symbolism of DNA,
whether it's in the
Bible, the Tower of Babel.
That's all about DNA.
There's a lot--
>> SEAN: --the
fracturing of it then?
>> ADAMS: So this is the
thing with the Tower of Babel.
The whole story is quite
encoded, because Nimrod,
rod again, so we
got the DNA again.
Instead of giving
the information,
because I believe that
Nimrod had information
within his field from previous,
when there was a lot of,
quote, "the fall of humanity,"
and frequency, or so on.
Instead of telling them
how to light themselves up,
he was making them give his--
>> SEAN: He was pulling--
>> ADAMS: He was
pulling their energy.
>> SEAN: He was vampiric.
>> ADAMS: Right.
So that he could reach God.
Now energy, the more
energy you have in you,
you can become multidimensional
and reach the higher realms.
>> SEAN: Become
more enlightened.
>> ADAMS: Right.
So he was trying to
steal his way, in a way,
to God or to the high,
quote, "God Source"
energy, the high realms.
And so what he was doing is
he was an energy vampire.
He was stealing all the
energy and lighting his DNA up
so that he could go up.
>> SEAN: I see.
>> ADAMS: Yes.
Now this is quite
against the laws.
There are certain laws.
And you might say
they're energetic laws.
And they play into order.
And this is quite
against that, because one
must become a giver of
energy, not a taker of energy.
>> SEAN: One must
become a soul-- a sun.
>> ADAMS: A sun, yes, and
give light to others, yes.
>> SEAN: And that seems to me
the essence of your message.
>> ADAMS: Yes.
I really want to empower people
and say, listen, no matter
where you are in life,
just stop, sit down,
get in touch with your soul.
Do these exercises, pour
energy into yourself,
buy more fruits and vegetables.
They're filled with chi energy.
Do more sun gazing.
Do these things to bring
this energy into yourself.
And you won't be
depressed anymore.
Things will start to
change in your life.
As you change the frequency,
you will extremely, extremely
change.
You won't even remember.
Years down the road,
you'll look back.
And you won't even
remember that person,
because that was a
different frequency.
Yes.
And I just want people--
because so many people
are suffering in the world.
They're hopeless.
They looked for God
in all these places.
But they failed to look
for God within themselves.
They're a piece
of God themselves.
And I want people to know
that they can access that.
No matter where they are or what
state they're in, that there's
still hope for them.
And that there's a
lot of other realms
and a lot of other beings
that want them to connect,
and that are waiting for
them to interact with them,
and just applauding
them on all the time.
There's so many beings that
are applauding humanity on.
Maybe we focus on the
bad ones too much.
>> SEAN: Yes.
>> ADAMS: We don't focus on all
of the beautiful beings that
are applauding humanity on.
>> SEAN: But the good days
are more than the bad days.
So it's just easier to
focus on the bad days.
But, as you said, there's
more beauty than not, I think,
in this reality.
Thank you so much for
joining me today, Sarah.
>> ADAMS: Thank you for
having me on your show.
>> SEAN: And that is all
the time we have for this
week's Buzzsaw.
I urge you to further
your understanding
of multidimensional
travel, as well
as intuitive healing and
energetic manipulation,
at sarahadams.com.
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
And remember, you
are the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]